Deprecate `describeEnum` + type stricter `EnumProperty` (#9003)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/index.md

[Deprecated `RouteInformation.location`]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/route-information-uri
[Customize tabs alignment using the new `TabBar.tabAlignment` property]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/tab-alignment
[Updated EditableText scroll into view behavior]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/editable-text-scroll-into-view
[Deprecate describeEnum]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/describe-enum

> [Make EnumProperty be type stricter]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/enum-property-type-stricter

Reviewer: Wait! Wait a minute. I never saw this "Deprecate describeEnum" PR! I would never have approved this. Why can't these two breaking changes be merged into one breaking change? Oy, we have a policy where we never approve breaking change PRs that don't have a "landed in" field filled out. I must have been on vacation when this one happened.

Author: They can. Someone approved that (probably by mistake) and there were some adjustments to make, like this property that appeared later. I'll merge them.

Author: I don't want to incriminate anyone, but you merged it lol 
![Uploading image.png…]()

[Customize tabs alignment using the new `TabBar.tabAlignment` property]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/tab-alignment
[Updated EditableText scroll into view behavior]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/editable-text-scroll-into-view
[Deprecate `textScaleFactor` in favor of `TextScaler`]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/deprecate-textscalefactor

> [Deprecate describeEnum and update EnumProperty to be type strict]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/enum-property-type-stricter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deprecate describeEnum and update EnumProperty to be type strict]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/describe-enum
```

Author: That was dumb, thanks a lot!!
